‐(shrieking)
‐(woman screams)
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(bird cawing)
♪ ♪
Are you sure
you two want to go in there?
‐That place was built
above the devil's asshole.
‐That is why
‐we are going in.
‐It's the most haunted house
in Los Angeles.
Probably
the entire United States.
Followed closely by the House
of Death in Greenwich Village,
the Franklin Castle in Cleveland
and, of course...
BOTH:
The LaLaurie Mansion
in New Orleans.
Lies! Lies!
(both laugh)
We are, like,
huge American Horror Story fans.
I hear bad stuff
about this house.
How about I take you to a hotel?
You mean like the Hotel Cortez?
No, we're good. We rented
this place out for the night.
‐It's an Airbnb now.
‐The owners offer
this whole "Escape from
the Murder House Experience."
It's supposed to be
super chilling.
They promise
we will not sleep a wink.
We're, like,
huge horror fans in general.
We met a couple years back
at Comic‐Con.
I was dressed
as Son of Bloody Face,
and she was dressed
as Sister Jude.
It was love at first sight.
Whatever.
But don't say I didn't warn you.
♪ ♪
(Connie exhales)
‐Wait.
‐What?
‐You having second thoughts?
‐No.
(chuckles):
No. I just want to feel it
before all
the preplanned crazy starts.
I just want to feel
the energy of the house.
(exhales)
‐(gasps)
‐What?
(chuckles):
Nothing.
I think I'm just so psyched,
I'm getting
a bit ahead of myself.
Come on. Let's go explore.
"Welcome to Murder House.
"If you're anything
like every other poor soul
that entered these walls,
you may get stuck here forever."
(Dylan chuckles)
There's something
on the back of the note.
"We hear you're 'Violataters.'
"Your next adventure is to find
"the room where Tate first
appeared to her and they later
"consummated their forbidden
and fateful love.
"Follow the black rose petals
if you dare."
Oh, my God. This is amazing.
(chuckles softly):
Yeah.
To the man
who makes my dreams come true,
even if they're nightmares.
DYLAN:
Oh.
Tastes like... blood.
Awesome.
‐Let's play.
‐Yeah.
(door creaks)
♪ ♪
This is so sick.
Wait, who lit the candles?
Do you think there's someone
in the house with us?
There's got to be, right?
Like the haunted hayrides.
I feel like
we should be prepared
for a few jump scares.
Wait, maybe they're
in the tunnels
behind the walls.
Uh, I think
that's just in the show.
Don't think
that's actually in the house.
Maybe it was Larry Harvey
and he used
one of his smoldering children
to light them.
Up for a little cosplay?
Holy shit.
(moans)
(grunts)
No, no, no, no. Leave it on.
Kinky.
(moaning)
(grunts)
Sorry.
CONNIE:
Why do you think people like
scary stories so much?
Well, they always have.
Pretend monsters let us forget
about the real ones.
(shriek)
ADDIE:
You're gonna die in here.
(chuckles):
My gosh. There must be a speaker
hidden somewhere in this room.
That is so cool.
Do you think there's someone
in the house with us?
‐Let's go see.
‐Okay.
‐What's the matter?
‐I don't know.
I can't seem to get up.
What?
‐(grunts)
‐(chuckles)
‐(woman screams)
‐(chuckling)
‐(Connie laughs)
‐Oh, my God.
Come on, let's go check it out.
Maybe I could find a ghost
that'll last
more than two pumps.
(mouths)
‐(Connie exhales)
‐DYLAN: They based this episode
‐on Richard Speck.
‐(screams)
(Dylan chuckles softly)
You know,
he's the serial killer
that murdered all those nurses.
Yeah. We met
at a horror convention.
‐You think I don't know that?
‐Okay.
‐What?
I'm guessing this is the part
where we have to sign
all those waivers
is gonna start.
"Warning. By signing this,
"you accept
that you absolve all knowledge
"of anything that can happen
to your mind, body or psyche
"during your time
in the experience
‐of the Escape from
the Murder House Experience."
‐I know.
Just saying,
this is our last chance.
You know, we could always go
to Norms, get some pancakes,
go home, binge‐watch Roanoke.
Why does Sarah Paulson
shit‐talk that season?
It's so good.
Do you really want
to go watch Roanoke?
No. I want to shit myself
'cause I'm so scared.
‐Me, too.
‐Come on.
(stairs creaking)
(screams, laughs)
♪ ♪
Come on.
‐(grunts, chuckles)
‐(chuckles)
‐(faint crying)
‐Shh.
Do you hear that?
‐Help us, please!
‐Please,
‐help us!
‐Who the hell are they?
Did we miss an episode?
CONNIE:
I'm sorry, who are you?
Yeah, sorry,
which episode are you guys from?
What are you talking about?
Ten years ago,
we went trick‐or‐treating.
ALL:
Trick or treat.
You girls don't want to be here.
‐DILF alert.
‐(others giggle)
MIKA:
You can give us some candy,
but you can also
just invite us in for a treat.
Leave now or else.
Let's go inside and give him
a good Halloween scare.
(door creaks)
Where'd he go?
(door closes)
Did you see that?
(women scream)
RUBY:
Hi, ladies.
Welcome to Murder House,
where you can check in
anytime you like
but you can never leave.
(women screaming)
You have to help us out of here.
Please.
‐Please, help us.
‐They can't help us.
No one can.
We were killed here,
so we can never escape.
Sorry, but she's right.
If you die here,
you're trapped here forever.
Maybe we're supposed to try
and help them, though.
I mean, it is called the "Escape
from Murder House Experience."
‐JANNA: Please.
‐KATE: Please, help us.
It's the Infantata.
(panting)
‐(screeches)
‐(light buzzing)
‐(Dylan grunts)
‐(women gasp)
‐(panting)
‐Is that fake blood?
‐It cut me.
It really fucking cut me.
‐This isn't right!
‐Please, stop!
We don't like it! It's too much!
‐(Dylan grunts)
And we want it to stop!
Please! Now!
(screaming)
Please, stop! We don't like it!
It's too real!
You're not supposed to hurt us!
It's not fake. It's real!
‐Get out of here!
‐(shouts)
Now!
(screams)
(screams, grunts)
(screaming)
‐(gunshot)
‐No!
No!
I told you, dumb bitch.
You're gonna die in here.
What are you doing here?
You died on the street!
We've all come here
from all over.
‐It's a special occasion.
‐What occasion?
The day you die.
(Addie chuckles)
(screams)
This isn't possible!
None of you should be here!
Please, make this stop!
(screams)
(whimpering)
DEEP VOICE:
You were killed by Twisty.
You are now trapped
in the Murder House forever.
These controls suck.
It keeps glitching.
I could have escaped,
but it froze up again right when
‐I tried to run.
‐Okay. I mean, look,
that's an easy fix.
But what do you think
in general?
Come on, the graphics
are amazing, aren't they?
(sighs)
Yeah.
But?
Don't take this the wrong way,
but, like, have you even
ever actually watched the show?
Yes, I've watched the show.
I'm not an obsessive fan
like you, but...
I've watched the show.
Even casual fans of the show
are gonna be pissed
because Addie is a ghost there
and there are other characters
from other seasons
who have no business
being there.
Second, I think
you're missing the reason
why fans keep wanting
to go back to Murder House.
It's not that they want
to trap more people there.
They want to feel the tension
of whether or not
the new people are gonna be able
to escape or not.
The thing that always
trips people up in the house
and leads them down that path
to getting stuck there
is that they don't deal
with their human shit.
They're too selfish or greedy
or mean or possessive
or depressed,
so they're forced
to stay like that,
frozen in the house forever.
Okay, I hear you.
But it's scary.
‐(sighs)
‐Right? Isn't it enough
if‐if it's in the same
basic setting but it's scary?
(sighs)
I don't know.
That's exactly what the people
who made Jaws 2 thought.
‐(sighs)
‐Okay. Um...
I put everything into this.
I quit my job to develop it.
I mortgaged the house
so that I could hire
the programmers
who have been working
in our garage day and night.
I need this to work out for us.
For our family.
‐I didn't ask you
to do any of this.
‐I did this
for you because I thought...
I thought we could bond
over your favorite show.
You could've just watched it
with me.
I love you, Mom, but you don't
really get the vibe of the show.
Like... at all.
You're saying
I don't get you at all.
(scoffs)
I'm trying.
Wait, honey.
Where are you going?
I got HiHo burgers
from Postmates.
Where you going?
I'm gonna stay at Dad's tonight.
Actually, I think I'm gonna stay
there for a couple of weeks.
Things have gotten
so weird around here lately.
‐Rory.
‐(sighs)
(sighs)
♪ ♪
DEEP VOICE:
Garden shears.
♪ ♪
(panting)
DEEP VOICE:
There's no escape.
(squealing)
♪ ♪
(door creaks)
‐(thud on TV)
‐(screams)
♪ ♪
TIM:
Usually I wait
until the end of the tour
to give the bad news, but...
why bother delaying
the inevitable? (clears throat)
They found nine bodies
in the house a year or so ago.
MICHELLE:
I know.
And I know about the body
of that girl Ruby McDaniel
they found in the backyard
a month later.
(sighs)
Oh, God.
You're not
one of those murder nerds
who's just here
to take Instagram selfies
inside the house?
Because I know.
I know this is the shittiest
listing in America, and I know
that it says a lot about what
the other agents at my office
think about me that I'm the one
who's stuck with it,
but I'm sorry.
I take my job seriously.
To me, every listing
is‐is a little orphan child
looking for a new family
to adopt it. And, yes,
this one has some baggage
and some real issues,
but it is no less deserving
of love.
‐How much?
‐Seriously?
It's an investment.
Okay. Uh, well, you're in luck.
The bank is basically willing
to sell it for land value.
How much is that?
$600,000.
But, unfortunately for them,
no one's been willing
to pay that,
‐so they are open to any offers.
‐$100,000.
I need to make a call,
but I think you
just bought yourself a house.
As is, of course.
This thing is harder to move
‐than a toxic waste dump.
‐(phone clicks, beeps)
Jenny? Hi. Hi.
Yeah, I think I found someone
to adopt
our little devil baby house.
No contingencies.
♪ ♪
You're mine.
I am going to make you reveal
all your secrets to me.
(chuckles):
Rory. Honey, you look so cute.
‐Look at you.
‐RORY: Mom.
‐What are you doing here?
‐Oh, um, I just brought you
some extra clothes.
I am gonna be going away
for about a week or so.
Where?
I'm going to
a Halloween horror convention.
The writers of American
Horror Story are doing a talk.
I'm gonna ask them to tell me
all about Murder House.
What it means, what
the most important aspects are.
Hey, I'm taking your advice.
I'm trying to figure out
the vibe.
Right from the horse's mouth.
‐Steven.
‐Michelle.
I'm sorry, I just overheard
‐what you were telling Rory.
‐Yeah, I'm sorry, too,
'cause it's none
of your business.
Well, when you go broke
and I have to pay
for everything for Rory,
it will be my business.
Rory, can you give
your dad and I a moment?
No. He should hear this.
Michelle,
you're in over your head.
You're on one
of your obsessive kicks again.
You pull this shit,
and you get blinders on,
and you go,
and you go, and you go
‐until you drive yourself
straight off a cliff.
‐You know,
I'm sorry
that you've always felt the need
to dump on my dreams,
but we're not married anymore,
so I can do
without your opinion.
Thank you so much, Steven.
If you could just look past that
giant chip on your shoulder,
it would be so clear to you that
I'm just trying to help you.
I was married to you,
and I love you
in spite of everything
that happened,
and I see you.
And if you've got
one fatal flaw,
it's that you're so convinced
that you've got
something to prove
that you will kill yourself
to prove it.
And if I were a man,
that would be called drive.
Admirable ambition, even.
Come on, Michelle.
Can you give that
to your father, sweetie?
Give us a moment?
This trip is gonna be the answer
to all our worries.
Dad's right, Mom.
You don't have
to prove anything to me.
I think you're awesome.
Thank you, my sweet boy.
‐I love you.
‐Love you, too.
Okay.
You have fun.
(kids chattering)
♪ ♪
‐(popping)
‐BOTH: You're gonna die
in there.
(boys laugh)
MAYA:
So, what's your guys's plan?
I'm going to the club.
Desperate for some dick
that hasn't been dead
for a decade.
(chuckles)
Same.
NICOLE:
I'm going to see my brother.
I'm just gonna go look
at the ocean.
Think I'm starting to get
depressed about being dead.
MAYA:
I wouldn't go in there
if I were you.
It's already crowded as fuck.
(women chuckle)
‐Can I help you?
‐(chuckles): Hi.
Do you guys just dress up
in time for Halloween?
Are you superfans?
‐Superfans of what?
‐SCARLETT: Come on, babe!
Time's a‐wasting.
Come in for a little bit first.
(Ruby and Scarlett chuckling)
Oh, um... Hello?
Wait.
Hello?
(echoes):
Anyone?
(creaking)
Hello? I'm Michelle.
The new owner.
Hello?
Come out, come out,
wherever you are.
Hello? Hello?
I assume if you're here
that you're superfans.
I know you can hear me.
Love to chat with you
about the show.
Hello?
I'm making a game
based on the Murder House.
I know you're here.
I'm just trying to understand
the vibe. Please?
Whatever that means.
(chuckles)
Hello?
Anyone?
♪ ♪
(both chuckle softly)
If you could escape this house‐‐
not out in the world
but, like, in a...
put your soul to rest
kind of way‐‐
would you do it?
Maybe a few years ago
before I met you.
I don't mind going on forever
as long as forever includes you.
(Scarlett chuckles softly)
‐Would you want that?
‐No.
Not even if it meant freedom
and relief for your dads?
Fuck my dads.
Fuck every ghost in here.
‐(chuckles)
‐Fuck anyone and everyone
who isn't you or me.
God, life is rough
out in the world of living.
I don't need money, but
I took a shit job at Erewhon
just to have something to do
with my days
‐besides watch Family Feud.
‐(chuckles)
My life
is basically just waiting
for Halloween
to roll around every year.
If I didn't have you
to look forward to,
I wouldn't want
to be alive at all.
I won't let anything get
in the way of our time together.
Even though you're gonna stay
young and hot and I'm gonna get
‐old and wrinkly?
‐Oh, bring on the gray pubes.
(both chuckle)
‐I love you.
Let's go cause some trouble.
(both chuckle)
♪ ♪
Hello?
(man crying)
(crying continues)
Hello?
(panting)
Sorry.
I usually only cry like this
after I masturbate.
Pardon?
Nothing.
(exhales)
Aren't you that lady
I saw talking to the Realtor
the other day?
You didn't actually buy
this place, did you?
(chuckles softly)
No. Um...
I just needed to find a way
to get in.
Deal's never gonna close.
Um, I don't actually have
the money.
I'm making a video game,
and I am creatively stuck,
and this is
my last effort at getting
some sort of inspiration.
I actually don't know
what else to fucking do.
Is it violent?
Because
I've always counseled parents
that violent video games
are terrible for children.
Wait a minute.
(chuckles)
Aren't you, um...?
What are you doing here?
Paying for my sins.
Just like everyone else
in this godforsaken place.
You know
what's a bad combination
for eternal happiness?
Your wife,
your forever teenaged daughter,
her boyfriend, a newborn
and your former mistress
all trapped
in the same house together.
(both chuckle)
Okay, this has got to be
some kind of joke, right?
I mean, what do you do?
Do you just
come in here
and fuck with people
on Halloween night
who sneak in? Right?
It's the farthest thing
from a joke.
I'm in hell.
And don't start telling me
it's all my fault
like that other therapist
in here.
I didn't want to cheat
on my wife.
I resisted for years
in this house.
But Hayden is really persistent,
and Vivien can be
so judgy and sullen
‐sometimes.
‐So, you're blaming
the women in your life
for you being a cheater? Okay.
Um, you can never
actually find forgiveness
if you don't take responsibility
for your own actions.
I'm just saying
life is complicated.
And so is death, apparently.
The problem was
I always thought
I could have it all.
A wife and a mistress.
A family
and a life outside my house.
So I ended up here
with nothing.
Judging by that look
on your face,
my professional opinion
is that you were cheated on.
‐You look triggered.
‐No. Uh...
(chuckles) Actually, uh,
Steven was faithful.
I'm judging you just because,
I don't know, I can.
(clears throat) The trouble
in my marriage was me,
if I want to be honest.
Okay? I like to want things,
and then I get obsessed
about getting them.
It's compelling in a courtship.
Everybody wants to feel
like they're wanted.
‐Hmm.
‐I'm just not so great
once I actually get it
'cause, um, over time, I...
(inhales, clears throat)
I get bored.
And then I can be quite hurtful.
You like being hungry
more than being fed.
Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
Okay, so, here's...
What I'm really hungering for
now is an understanding.
Tell me... Tell me
what this place is like. I mean,
I want to know what
it truly feels like to be here
and to feel the‐the longing
and the‐the fear,
‐the fun.
‐Fun?
Is it fun when the record
you're listening to
skips over and over?
Is it fun being
on a merry‐go‐round for decades?
‐No.
‐(chuckles)
Uh, I'm...
I'm designing a video game.
And for it to work,
it's got to be fun.
It's got to have purpose.
You know, there's got to be
a point so that the player's
‐gonna want to continue playing.
‐There is no purpose here.
There is no point in here.
It's just endless dull
with no escape.
We're not in hell.
It's an old house
in a neighborhood in L. A.
You know, it's surrounded
by perfectly normal houses.
There's got to be a point,
right?
I mean, maybe there's
even a way to escape.
It's just nobody's
figured out how yet.
You know, my son says that, uh,
the people who are trapped here
are probably stuck because
they never resolved their issues
when they were alive, so their
damage becomes their destiny.
Maybe the point is
that you have to learn and grow,
and only then can you escape.
So you think if I have
intense therapy sessions
with each of the ghosts,
they'll have
some kind of Ordinary People,
Prince of Tides breakthrough
and find spiritual peace?
(laughing)
Sorry.
Not gonna happen.
I tried that with Tate
after I got stuck here,
and he's just as bananas
as he's always been.
Okay. Um...
Well...
Um, can I speak to somebody
who's maybe not so lost
and hopeless?
Then you've come
to the wrong house.
Okay.
Um...
SCARLETT:
Can we help you?
(exhales)
Um, yes.
I'm trying to understand
the vibe of this place,
but all I'm really getting
is that everybody
associated with it is just...
really crazy.
I'm just gonna make a video game
about True Blood or...
‐something normal.
‐You want to get the vibe?
Here's what you need
to understand about this place.
Yes, there are a few spirits
who want out,
but there are others here
who have no interest in growth,
who embrace
how fucked‐up we all are.
Now, the only thing
that we love more
than being stuck
in our own misery
is being stuck here
with the suckers
who are even more miserable.
The repetition is the point.
The endless nothing
filled with pain
is the purpose.
The only thing that we need
is more souls
to feed the suffering.
(snarling)
Shit.
‐What?
‐As your therapist,
my professional opinion is
‐that you should run like hell.
‐What?
Uh...
(grunts, panting)
‐(whimpering)
‐You really don't understand
this place at all.
Leave now or you're gonna be
forced to understand forever.
(screams)
‐RUBY: It's your turn.
‐(screams)
Dead again.
(screams)
(gasping)
(kids chattering)
WOMAN:
Say "trick or treat."
MICHELLE:
Hi, baby.
(chuckles)
Oh.
No.
Please don't do that.
We have one night together.
It took a week
for them to find your body.
We didn't even know
you were missing for three days
because you lied
and said you were going
to a horror convention.
‐I'm sorry.
I didn't want you to worry.
‐Bullshit.
You didn't want me
to try and stop you.
It wasn't until
we started getting calls
that we found out
you tried to buy a house.
As soon as I heard that,
I knew where you were.
That I was never gonna
see you again.
That your
stupid fucking obsession
‐got you killed.
‐Listen to me. Hey.
I just wanted to build
something special for us.
I just wanted to make you proud.
By making a video game?
You know what you
could have done to impress me?
If you had went
to a fucking shrink
and dealt with your shit.
If you had shown me
that people can change.
I would've been more proud if
you quit making the fucking game
once you realized
that you couldn't do it,
rather than getting yourself
fucking killed
because you‐you get so trapped
by your obsessions.
Hey. It's too late for that.
It's too late for that.
Look, I'm...
I'm stuck as I am, okay?
I'm stuck
in that place.
There's no escaping
the Murder House.
I think there is.
‐How?
‐Fire.
Fire purifies everything.
You need to burn,
burn that motherfucker
to the ground.
And I'm more than happy
to do the job.
Listen to me. If you do that,
if it works,
I'm gone.
I...
(crying): I don't see you
ever again. Okay?
You were gone from me
a long time ago.
Besides, it's time
for all of the misery
of that house to end.
I never want to see or hear
‐one more thing
about Murder House again.
‐Okay.
But, look,
there's good people in there.
They're trying to live
their productive lives,
whatever that means.
Just promise me
you're not gonna do anything
to that house, okay?
Promise me.
Fine.
‐Hey. Hey.
‐What?
Why aren't you dressed up?
(chuckles)
I don't like Halloween anymore.
♪ ♪
You guys coming inside?
‐We like to do it our own way.
‐Hey.
Sorry about trapping you
in there.
You held the knife,
but I did it to myself, really.
Ten seconds to sunrise.
♪ ♪
(dog barking in distance)
(liquid sloshing)
‐The fuck is this?
‐Oh, no.
‐RUBY: You know him?
‐MICHELLE: He's my son.
He's trying
to burn the house down.
Thinks it's gonna free
all the spirits.
Will it?
God, I hope so.
Well, what about those of us
who don't want to be free?
I do not need this shit today.
MICHELLE:
Rory.
I think you and your son
should really consider
some family therapy. Now,
I know that you've already met
with Ben Harmon,
but I can assure you
‐you'll see much better
results with me.
‐Move.
Quite frankly,
he's just not that good.
(chuckles)
I'm available anytime.
♪ ♪
RUBY:
I'm gonna gut him but make sure
he bleeds out slowly enough
to throw him off the property.
The last thing we need is
another troublemaker in here.
‐GLADYS: No!
(Gladys grunts)
Sorry, Ruby.
What you and Scarlett had
was so lovely,
but it's time for us to go now.
(grunting)
We can't take it anymore.
‐I just need it to be over.
‐RUBY: You stupid bitches.
Don't you understand
what that means?
It means we become nothing!
Nothing is better than this
for all eternity.
(Ruby grunts)
Attaboy.
Burn, baby, burn.
‐MAYA: Dr. Harmon.
‐(Ruby gasping)
And the record kept skipping
over and over...
...and over.
(coughing)
Sorry. Not sorry.
(lighter flicks)
(Ruby gasping, coughing)
Yeah, can I get a breakfast
burrito, a fresh orange juice,
‐oh, and an apple pie?
‐(phone chimes)
(tires screech)
(tires squealing)
Are you sure
this is what you want?
Yes.
Guess you figured out a way
to end the video game.
It'll be a best seller.
I'm sure of it.
(Rory sighs)
Goodbye, Mom.
(crying):
Bye, my sweet boy.
‐(screams)
‐Mom!
MICHELLE:
No! Do it! Light it up!
Do it, baby, do it!
‐(grunts)
‐(Michelle screams)
(Ruby grunts)
No! No! No!
‐No!
(panting)
Please.
‐(crying): No!
‐(whispers): Do it.
Do it!
(grunting)
♪ ♪
Ruby!
RUBY (crying):
Scarlett.
Die with me!
(crying)
♪ ♪
(mouths)
MAN: Well, the ghosts
weren't the problem.
It was the damn TV show fans
that kept coming here
at all hours to take selfies.
Hey, assholes,
it's just a house.
NEWSWOMAN:
The fire is out
except for
some smoldering remnants.
And just like that,
one of the most notorious houses
in all of Los Angeles‐‐
maybe the world‐‐
is finally gone for good.
♪ ♪
(buttons beeping)
(lock buzzes)
‐You must be Scarlett.
‐Yes. Hi.
Let me show you the unit.
As you can see, the developers
spared no expense.
Everything in this unit
is state‐of‐the‐art,
and these are divine.
‐The architect went...
‐Tim.
Can we have
an honest relationship?
(chuckles):
Yeah, okay.
Do you tell people
who are looking
at these new condo units
that these grounds are hallowed?
Hallowed?
Well,
dozens of people died here.
People who mattered.
Until the fire.
Do you tell potential buyers
that this building
of condominiums
used to be the Murder House?
(chuckles softly)
Actually, no.
No, I don't.
‐Why not?
‐Well, to be honest‐‐
since that's
what we're aiming for‐‐
at first,
I was torn.
I sold the first five units,
and I said nothing
about that place
that used to be here.
But people have been living
in this new building now
for over six months,
and I check in on my customers.
No one has been harmed.
There have been
no apparition sightings.
I believe
that the fire purified
whatever occult forces
were contained
within those walls.
And I also believe
that those spirits
or whatever
you want to call them
are finally free.
And this is the last unit,
correct?
Yeah.
I'll take it.
All cash.
You'll pay $1 million
all cash?
A young woman your age?
I'm sorry, may I ask
how you got that kind of money?
I utilized
my greatest life skill
and became a hired assassin.
I'm semiretired now.
Maybe I'll go back to it
one day. Who knows?
But it was lucrative
and fun killing bad people.
(chuckles nervously)
Don't look so shocked, Tim.
I told you
‐I wanted
an honest relationship.
‐(chuckles)
Okay, Scarlett.
I'll draw up the papers.
This unit is officially yours.
("Ghost" by Noah Cyrus playing)
♪ Why don't we take a walk? ♪
♪ Everybody knows
a hand to hold is all we need ♪
♪ Quiet, let's not even talk ♪
♪ Every word I say to you ♪
♪ You only just repeat ♪
♪ And when you're looking
in the mirror ♪
♪ Demons may be closer
than they may appear ♪
♪ You can either cry
and sit and stare ♪
♪ Or try to run away ♪
♪ I'm trying to run away ♪
♪ I'm staring at a ghost ♪
♪ And when you're looking
in the mirror ♪
♪ Demons may be closer
than they may appear ♪
♪ You can either cry
and sit and stare ♪
♪ Or try to run away ♪
♪ I'm trying to run away ♪
♪ I'm staring at a ghost. ♪
Ruby?
I'm here.
I'm finally ready
to be with you.
Forever.
(crying):
But I'm too late.
(sniffles)
You're gone forever.
(gasps)
(panting)
Where are the others?
My dads?
They're gone.
They chose to move on.
I saw them go.
They seemed happy.
Most of them did, at least.
Why are you still here?
I was the only one
who wanted to stay.
For you, Scarlett.
I knew you'd come back to me.
True love never dies.
♪ ♪
(fireworks popping)
DEEP VOICE: Success.
You escaped Murder House.
Oh!
MICHELLE:
So? What do you think?
Version 2.0.
I mean, does it get the vibe?
Totally. It's so much better.
‐(chuckles)
‐But I think
you need to have a level
where the kid gets, like,
a magic potion
from the Supremes
to help burn the house down
or‐or something.
I'd like to see that. I think
it'd make the game harder.
I mean,
I‐I couldn't afford it, so...
If we sell it, though,
we can maybe do it as an update
‐or something.
‐Well, at least you fixed
the glitches in the controls.
‐Oh, did I?
Did I fix the glitches?
‐(laughs)
Yes, I insisted on it.
You really like it?
‐It's super cool.
‐(chuckles)
And I'm really proud of you.
Thank you, baby.
‐Want to play again?
‐No.
‐I think I've spent enough time
in the Murder House.
‐(chuckles)
Do you want to go
get something to eat?
‐Yeah, I'm starving.
‐Let's go.
But where do you think
all of the spirits
who got trapped
in the Murder House went?
The ones
who wanted to stay stayed,
and the ones
who wanted to move on,
they maybe went to heaven
or hell.
Well, do you think any of them
escaped into the world?
‐Hope not.
‐Hmm.
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH